The **2025-02-09 meeting** was held on *February 9<sup>th</sup>* at *20:00 UTC* on [IRC](IRC "wikilink").

Present were:

- [Servalot](https://github.com/Alasdairbugs)
- [mrkubax10](https://github.com/mrkubax10)
- [Vankata453](https://github.com/Vankata453)
- [MatusGuy](https://github.com/matusguy)
- [weluvgoatz/Daniel the Degenerate](https://github.com/weluvgoatz)

Additional participants:

- [tylerandari12](https://github.com/tylerandari13)
- [FrostC](https://github.com/frostwithasideofsalt)
- [Hume2](https://gitlab.com/Hume2)
- [allie/bruhmoent](https://github.com/bruhmoent)
- [Sevenberry](https://github.com/Sevenberry)
- [SnugglyBun](https://github.com/Curly68)

Minutes
-------

### 1. State of the budget, what we're doing with it, what it can be used for...

* General consensus is trying to create a culture of fostering development and contributions in order to not have to use the budget.
* Usage of the budget will be heavily discussed before any purchases are made on a case-by-case basis.

### 2. State of multiplayer, player-to-player interactions, additional features required for 2P levels, or 2P-only focused levels.

**Do we make a roadmap for this? Do we make this a 1.0+ priority?**

* Multiplayer currently leaves a lot to be desired: better camera, networking, custom playable characters, different physics, player-to-player interactions, etc...
* Because local multiplayer is in a playable state currently, it will remain in the game as a base for improving 2P functionality.
* Remote multiplayer (with networking) will likely be a v1.0+ feature.

### 3. Nurturing first time contributors, enabling and encouraging multiple contributions.

**We can go about this in multiple ways, updating tutorials, hosting contests, commissions or prizes funded by the budget, concessions to those who contribute.**

* Start a level design contest after v0.7 release.
* Weekly/monthly level design challenges might be considered.

### 4. Adding Eauix, FrostC, tylerandari12, allie, SnugglyBun as SuperTux Team members...

* **SnugglyBun** has expressed she does not plan on joining the team currently.
* **Eauix** is currently inactive.
* **tylerandari12** does not contribute enough content to the base game currently to be considered.
* **allie** might be considered in the future, since, according to them, with some practice they could do art contributions (art-style related stuff) and potentially music (soundfonts currently missing). They also have a good record of base-game contributions.
* **FrostC** was **added to the SuperTux Team**, because of their very good record of base-game contributions (art, Bonus Island 1 and Bonus Island 2), under the premise of level design, art, and (possibly, since they're taking C++ classes) coding contributions.

### 5. Contacting older contributors to ask if they have interest in current SuperTux development?

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 6. Updating SuperTux website, redirecting to the Discord and the forums.

**What about a tagline saying "Are you a coder, artist, musician, or someone who wants to help, but doesn't know how? Come visit here!"?**

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 7. Converting the #showcase channel in the Discord into accepting SuperTux-related content only to encourage more contributions.

**Surrounding that, reward those who post SuperTux-related content?**

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 8. Featured add-ons list and standardisation of addons, appointing add-on judges, clearing of old, deprecated addons...

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 9. Going through the v0.7.0 milestone on GitHub and deciphering what's needed and what isn't for v0.7.0...

**What can be put into a v0.7.1, v0.8 and "Future" milestone.**

* General notice for **team members to use the v0.7.0 milestone tagging feature to tag issues/PRs**, so we can get a clear idea on what's needed for the next release!
* This was performed in the voice chat together with team members and some other contributors.

### 10. Creation of a FAQ channel in the Discord?

**There are a lot of questions that people ask constantly, so it may be beneficial.**

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 11. Tux Doll behaviour discussion...

**It was proposed in a team meeting they would be sitting on their own, but another proposal to consider would be for them to stay in the boxes and instead go to the player after being released, so you pretty much can't miss them after hitting the box? That way all the Tux Doll placements in existing levels won't get messed up while still having improved behaviour.**

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 12. Prioritizing fixing [#3105](https://github.com/SuperTux/supertux/issues/3105)...

**There's a lead with it not having shown up before v0.7 nightlies, and it may be caused by the PR that fixed Tux dying to rocks. This bug is incredibly important to fix and there seems to be little drive to actually fix it.**

*This section is to-be-done!*

### 13. Should we currently focus on finishing, merging and reviewing more PRs, instead of making new ones?

**The issue with more PRs being made than merged seems to have come back to some extent.**

*This section is to-be-done!*

---

Log
---

**The points of the meeting were discussed in more detail in a developer voice call.**

Messages were logged on the **UTC+1** timezone.

```
(21:05:59) * mrkubax10 is logging now
(21:05:59) FrostC: wasnt there a plan to use some of the budget on music, or for like paying snugglybun?
(21:06:01) Vankata453: 1. state of the budget, what we're doing with it, what it can be used for, pinging ideas back and fourth. this can tie into topic 3.
(21:06:21) matusguy: I think we should use it for better sound effects. I don't have much opinion on this other than that. Not the first time this has been discussed.
(21:06:28) Vankata453: sound and music
(21:06:35) Vankata453: funding contributors for those basically
(21:06:39) Servalot: sfx and stuff i think is more time and effort
(21:06:53) Servalot: i think budget allocation for server hosting when multiplayer comes around
(21:06:55) tylerandari12: we should try to find free ones/make ones before we pay
(21:06:55) FrostC: ik for industrial allie happened to make a bunch of the SFX for that, if thats of note
(21:07:29) Servalot: if someone could make a big list of sfx needed that would be useful
(21:07:37) matusguy: I think Rusty has one
(21:07:42) Vankata453: also regarding the budget, if anything comes out of the add-on service i was working on in the future, we'd have to host it
(21:08:08) tylerandari12: a start to the sound list could be whatever is in the spunds folder
(21:08:22) tylerandari12: idk what wed need after it
(21:08:23) Servalot: how expensive are servers and stuff generally
(21:08:50) Vankata453: it really depends, i don't know
(21:08:56) mrkubax10: depends on the provider
(21:08:57) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): I agree with sound stuff, it's the most overlooked component of the game right now I think
(21:09:02) tylerandari12: I think it depends on the traffick.
(21:09:09) Vankata453: but sfx is top priority
(21:09:24) tylerandari12: I agree with Daniel. The lack of sounds is something i noticed wjem i played 0.6.3.
(21:10:20) tylerandari12: Talking about bug bounties in VC.
(21:10:31) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): Is the meeting just in text or in VC as well?
(21:10:40) Servalot: second idea i had for budget use is bounties: features or bugfixes requested or really needed could have bounties assigned to them
(21:10:45) tylerandari12: We are in the meeting vc
(21:10:53) Servalot: this has a secondary purpose that it gives advertising
(21:11:08) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): Yeah I know but like is the meeting taking place via text, via the call, or both
(21:11:09) tylerandari12: yea
(21:11:16) tylerandari12: Oh its both
(21:11:21) tylerandari12: Well i mean
(21:11:27) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): Ok i'll join vc in a moment then
(21:11:29) tylerandari12: Text is logged, but were also in vc
(21:11:33) Vankata453: i like the idea for bounties
(21:11:37) tylerandari12: yea
(21:11:45) Vankata453: never thought of that
(21:15:07) allie: hi.
(21:15:13) matusguy: hey allie
(21:15:16) matusguy: hop on vc
(21:15:42) Vankata453: im guessing no irc?
(21:15:52) matusguy: We're writing things down in irc
(21:16:10) tylerandari12: Were discussing using the budget on art assets.
(21:16:21) mrkubax10: up to others, I just joined to see what is happening
(21:16:31) tylerandari12: Ironic that Rusty didnt join lol
(21:18:26) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): ok for some reason my headphones are not projecting sound at all so if i join the vc i just have to be muted i guess
(21:19:10) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): ok yea i'll just be muted and if i have anything to say i'll say it here
(21:19:18) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): yes i agree to share source files
(21:19:19) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): it is annoying
(21:19:24) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): riiight
(21:19:49) FrostC: summarizing VC: -talking about pace of graphics -thinking of having more contrabuters? (What's up with alzters, having source files be public, possibly paying for some minor art things?)
(21:19:57) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): ye
(21:20:27) Vankata453: interesting, rusty isn't there
(21:20:29) tylerandari12: Also talking about sharing source files a lot more. Its an open sourced game, the assets should be open sourced too.
(21:21:01) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): agree
(21:21:04) tylerandari12: Also: using the budget in general should be a last resort
(21:21:10) Vankata453: yeah i wonder why they aren't
(21:21:13) Vankata453: media repository
(21:21:33) Vankata453: i mean last resort? if it could make things better
(21:22:05) Servalot: yeah
(21:22:16) tylerandari12: I mean i guess. I guess it should be heavily discussed before making any purcahases.
(21:22:20) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): alzter is like active very very rarely
(21:22:49) Servalot: general consensus is trying to create a culture of fostering development and contributions in order to not have to use the budget; last resort;
(21:23:02) tylerandari12: yea
(21:23:20) Vankata453: i still like the bug bounties lol
(21:23:26) tylerandari12: true
(21:23:37) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): well multiplayer is already in there, so is it going to be disabled for 0.7 or just stay in the game in its current state?
(21:23:40) Servalot: we're on point 2 neow
(21:23:52) Servalot: 2. state of multiplayer, player-player interactions, additional features required for 2P levels, or 2P-only focused levels. do we make a roadmap for this? do we make this a 1.0+ priority? [Vankata level editing in a branch, yet to be merged; working on networking - maybe we can appeal on bsky/mastodon? Do we use budget funds on hosting servers? how long would that last?].
(21:23:54) tylerandari12: Yea we switched lmao
(21:24:01) tylerandari12: not for 0.7
(21:24:02) FrostC: i think we should have multiplayer be a 1.1 thing
(21:24:05) tylerandari12: probably not even 0.8
(21:24:09) Vankata453: so that's a heavily WIP thing still
(21:24:12) Servalot: 1.0+ i think
(21:24:15) matusguy: We're too hasty to conclude about networking
(21:24:18) tylerandari12: yea
(21:24:18) Vankata453: it's behind with master
(21:24:23) Vankata453: and networking and stuff is not priority
(21:24:24) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): yea do we disable the current multiplayer or na
(21:24:29) Vankata453: whatever way you look at it
(21:24:36) Vankata453: so def in the future
(21:24:43) Servalot: i think in order to make multiplayer worth it, there would need to be a number of player player interactions and stuff figured out too
(21:24:45) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): the camera is so wonky lol
(21:24:46) Vankata453: why disable current multiplayer?
(21:24:52) mrkubax10: okay I have to leave, logging bot will work as usual
(21:24:55) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): idk, they are discussing it in vc
(21:24:56) Vankata453: bye
(21:24:58) mrkubax10 has quit (Quit: leaving)
(21:24:59) Servalot: ty kubax
(21:25:01) FrostC: bye kubax
(21:25:03) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): but i am neutral to it
(21:25:05) Vankata453: it's better to have than not
(21:25:09) Vankata453: and we can work on player to player stuff
(21:25:18) tylerandari12: yea
(21:25:31) Vankata453: and also it's a great base for the networking multiplayer that's WIP
(21:25:47) Vankata453: it just has to have scripting support
(21:25:54) Vankata453: like get which player triggered the trigger
(21:25:58) tylerandari12: From vc: redo almost all the multiplayer stuff lmao
(21:26:01) tylerandari12: Make it splitscreen
(21:26:05) Servalot: do we create a 1/0+ label for multiplayer related bugs/feature requests on discssions OR issues which we can tag stuff with?
(21:26:34) Vankata453: tbh yeah i tihnk
(21:26:45) Vankata453: at this point it might as well be 1.0+
(21:26:53) Vankata453: there are 2 worlds to do and features alongside them to add
(21:27:16) Vankata453: use local multiplayer as basis for how multiple players can play in a world
(21:27:17) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): what were the points for discussion again? are they shared somewhere
(21:27:23) FrostC: its pinned
(21:27:23) tylerandari12: Yea
(21:27:26) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): okur
(21:27:27) Servalot: talking about deprecating the feature, and possibly making a roadmap for this
(21:28:06) Servalot: general things are:  - camera sucky - networking - custom playable characters - different physics, etc - player player interactions
(21:28:35) Vankata453: which can be done on top of current multiplay4er
(21:28:40) Vankata453: at least it's in a playable state
(21:28:50) Vankata453: also i gtg for a little bit
(21:29:18) FrostC: also in addition: adding custom characters in addition to multiplayer, as it should work well with mulitplayer
(21:30:02) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): I have to leave because I have a lot to do today but my only opinion is on point 4 - i agree to adding frost, orange, allie as team members
(21:30:07) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): i'll talk to you guys later!
(21:30:13) Daniel (WeLuvGoatz): bye
(21:30:17) FrostC: bye bye
(21:30:21) tylerandari12: Buy bye
(21:30:26) Hume2: bye
(21:31:47) Servalot: 3. Nurturing first time contributors, enabling and encouraging multiple contributions. We can go about this in multiple ways, updating tutorials, hosting contests, commissions or prizes funded by the budget, concessions to those who contribute. all of this doubles as 'advertising'
(21:32:01) FrostC: more community islands
(21:32:06) tylerandari12: realest
(21:33:30) Hume2: I had an idea about creating a worldmap where there would be no specific target and players could just roam there at their own. There will be only minor targets. That could work for a set of like 200+ levels, so the community levels coud do that.
(21:33:40) FrostC: -Have the community island be like a level design contenst, maybe with money prises for the top non-team contributor
(21:33:58) FrostC: -Weekly level design challanges
(21:34:22) FrostC: i think monthly would work better for level design challanges
(21:34:29) tylerandari12: Thinking about monthly level design challenge instead
(21:34:40) tylerandari12: I like how the big bulk is in the vc lmao
(21:34:56) matusguy: i think weekly is a bit overkill
(21:34:56) Servalot: yea oopsie
(21:34:56) tylerandari12: Were trying to write down the points tho
(21:35:05) Servalot: weekly is overkill because it might encourage people to rush stuff
(21:35:10) Servalot: game jam type stuff things
(21:35:14) FrostC: tuxjam
(21:35:18) FrostC: WOOHOO
(21:38:31) Servalot: start a level design contest after 0.7 release
(21:39:19) tylerandari12: yea
(21:39:34) Servalot: 5. [quick] adding eauix, frost, orange, allie as team members (i believe snugglybun declined being added)
(21:39:39) KomarosFartyTroy has joined #supertux
(21:40:17) FrostC: yes i agree (not bais)
(21:40:20) Servalot: yes
(21:40:27) tylerandari12: eauix said imma head out, snugglybun said no
(21:40:36) Servalot: i think daniel agreed in internal
(21:40:39) Servalot: and some other people in internal
(21:41:57) FrostC: main things for me personally -level design (duh) -Art contributions -Managment stuff, maybe?  Also taking classes for c++ so theres a good chance i could try to help with coding contributions
(21:42:33) matusguy: I agree with frost joining the team.
(21:43:03) tylerandari12: Same
(21:43:49) KomarosFartyTroy: sorry for interupting but the thing that frostc said with level design contests could be cool
(21:44:25) matusguy: I don't agree with orange being added because I believe he doesn't contribute enough
(21:44:34) tylerandari12: understandable
(21:44:59) tylerandari12: Regardless of whether im team or not im still here and thats all that matters.
(21:45:30) matusguy: Allie could be invited soon. They do some cool code contributions and could help us with sound effects
(21:45:40) tylerandari12: Also id prefer to do my own thing anyway
(21:47:02) allie: With some practice i could do art contributions (art-style related stuff) and potentially music (sounfounts missing).
(21:48:31) Hume2: If I was asked to contribute to a project which I left years ago, I would have absolutely no idea what kind of contribution they would appreciate.
(21:49:01) Hume2: It could make sense to ask them to resolve a specific issue if that made sense.
(21:49:34) tylerandari12: That reminds me of an ask the team post when someone asked what was ledr for 0.7 and no one could give him a straigjt answer.
(21:51:30) Vankata453: frost, orange and allie all have great contrubitons and are an essential part of this community atp, but shouldn't they have a few more base game contributions before considering team? or have i miseed out on some lol
(21:52:02) tylerandari12: Frost makes enough contributions imo. Game contributions are not just code, and Frost does a lot of level design stuff.
(21:52:10) Vankata453: right, the islands
(21:52:34) Vankata453: frost is in internal so count him as team atp?
(21:52:46) tylerandari12: I understand for me tho. I help with ST, but I work on my own stuff.
(21:54:29) Servalot: 6. [quick, derive task to someone if yes] updating supertux website, redirecting to discord and forums, a tagline saying "are you a coder, artist, musician, or someone who wants to help, but doesn't know how? Come visit here!"
(21:55:21) Hume2: so the task will be delegated to the first person who says yes - else I see no point in discussing this 😄
(21:55:26) Vankata453: i mean sure
(21:55:39) tylerandari12: sounds good to me
(21:55:45) FrostC: agree
(21:56:22) Servalot: anyone wanna do this xd
(21:56:39) Vankata453: wdym redirecting to discord and forums
(21:56:46) Vankata453: we have links
(21:56:57) Sevenberry: updating the website
(21:57:19) Vankata453: i understand about the headline tho
(21:57:23) Vankata453: like on the home page?
(21:57:56) Sevenberry: that would make the most sense, really the location is just up to whoever designs it
(21:58:09) Vankata453: we can discuss it in detail if you all want
(21:58:16) Vankata453: but it doens't matter
(21:58:47) Servalot: [quick] converting showcase channel into supertux stuff only to encourage more contributions surrounding that, rewarding those who post supertux related stuff. This is a Tux server after all...
(21:58:52) Vankata453: i wll do the website thing
(21:58:54) Servalot: 7.
(21:59:03) Vankata453: strong yes on that lol
(21:59:13) Servalot: i want supertux stuff only
(21:59:19) Vankata453: x2
(21:59:24) Hume2: Maybe we could have a channel for off-topic showcase.
(21:59:32) Vankata453: ye
(21:59:47) tylerandari12: Im torn on it
(22:00:25) allie: I meann yaeh
(22:00:35) Vankata453: i agree with serv, because when you go to showcase you expect list of supertux works
(22:01:19) Vankata453: frost team real
(22:01:46) Servalot: the amount of times i can go onto the showcase channel and just have a page full of non supertux stuff
(22:01:55) Vankata453: yes, exactly
(22:02:09) Vankata453: nothing against showcase-misc
(22:02:12) Vankata453: or smth
(22:02:17) allie: yeah thatd be good
(22:03:00) Servalot: same
(22:03:21) Vankata453: so what is it?
(22:03:27) Vankata453: showcase-misc?
(22:03:37) matusguy: showcase-offtopic
(22:03:38) tylerandari12: showcase-off-topic imo
(22:03:39) tylerandari12: Yea
(22:03:43) Vankata453: sure
(22:04:04) tylerandari12: Also a new category for the off topic channels, at least imo
(22:04:09) Servalot: 8. featured addons list and standardisation of addons, appointing add-on judges, clearing of old, deprecated addons.
(22:04:36) Vankata453: team members, and some tux the builders?
(22:04:46) tylerandari12: Yea
(22:04:50) FrostC: (for the showcase thing) -Seperate ST and NON ST stuff  -Supertux catagory -supertux -showcase -level design -ask the team -rubber cell  -Misc catagory -off-topic -showcase-offtopic -music(?) -rubber-cell
(22:04:53) tylerandari12: Team members can appoint the playtesters.
(22:04:59) Servalot: team members appoint judges which would probably tend to be tux the builders
(22:05:00) Vankata453: music is ST
(22:05:04) Vankata453: or at least should be
(22:05:24) tylerandari12: We could also make an off topic music, or have them post in off topic showcase.
(22:05:30) allie: there are not many supertux related contributions anyways so its kinda doing its own thing for the most prt
(22:05:33) Vankata453: showcase-off-topic for that at this poiont
(22:05:37) tylerandari12: Yea
(22:06:00) Vankata453: for old add-on versions, just get old st version
(22:06:11) Vankata453: we keep the old indexes active
(22:06:36) tylerandari12: Yes
(22:06:44) tylerandari12: This can just be for compatibility in geberal lmao
(22:06:48) tylerandari12: Just play old versions br9
(22:06:51) tylerandari12: bro*
(22:06:56) Servalot: my idea is that level judges say yes or no to an addon being on the list, 50%+ ruling grants it on the list  and then judges decising if something is featured, 80%+ ruling grants it to be featured
(22:07:02) Vankata453: not really
(22:07:17) Hume2: I think, a judge could be anybody who made at least one approved add-on or a given amount of levels in community islands.
(22:07:18) Vankata453: i think discord channel for that could work
(22:07:24) Vankata453: and there are team members who are the ones to decide
(22:07:29) Vankata453: it gets in or no
(22:07:49) Vankata453: if you get supertux lost media, i really suggest archive.org
(22:08:14) Vankata453: i've tried to hunt down lost 0.0.x but no success
(22:10:30) Servalot: 9. [long] going through the 0.7.0 milestone on github and deciphering whats needed and what isnt for 0.7.0, what can be put into a 0.7.1 roadmap, 0.8, and 'future' milestone
(22:10:44) tylerandari12: Oh boy.
(22:10:52) tylerandari12: Perhaps save it for the end?
(22:11:40) Servalot: 0.70 milestone and 071 milestone at least
(22:11:45) Servalot: 3 agrees
(22:11:54) snugglybun_scsp: Hi, sorry. I was taking a nap
(22:11:58) FrostC: oh hello
(22:12:01) Servalot: honk schoo
(22:12:01) Vankata453: i know my PRs only tbh
(22:12:05) Vankata453: that i've marked lol
(22:12:09) Servalot: you can join a vc and be dragged in if you want
(22:12:13) tylerandari12: lmao
(22:12:16) tylerandari12: That is great
(22:12:33) Vankata453: oh that's a good idea
(22:12:36) Vankata453: 0.7.0 and 0.7.1
(22:12:42) tylerandari12: Yea
(22:12:43) Vankata453: i can mark some of mine there
(22:13:04) snugglybun_scsp: i told rustybox a while back that due to reasons including my irl life i don't plan to join the Supertux Team, at least for the time being
(22:13:14) snugglybun_scsp: i still can chat here if needed
(22:13:29) snugglybun_scsp: and i might contribute some new songs every once in a while
(22:13:40) Vankata453: nice
(22:13:40) tylerandari12: :bliss:
(22:13:41) FrostC: new songs ! !
(22:13:49) Vankata453: so 0.7.1 milestone?
(22:13:49) matusguy: New songs is cool
(22:13:51) Vankata453: and we go through
(22:41:17) KomarosFartyTroy has quit (Quit: Client closed)
(22:49:45) sdaladman2 has joined #supertux
(22:57:54) sdaladman2 has quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)
(23:13:17) Servalot: 10. Creation of a FAQ. important as i think theres a lot of questions that people ask constantly so this would be very nice
(23:13:23) Vankata453: ye
(23:13:26) matusguy: yes
(23:13:30) tylerandari12: we weeded out the stuff from the milestone
(23:13:31) Servalot: yes
(23:13:34) Hume2: yes, just do it lol
(23:13:34) matusguy: Haleluja!! Whatever u do just make sure to include "Will supertux be on IOS?". And put it in the website/forums too.
(23:13:38) tylerandari12: also yes to the faq
(23:13:39) Vankata453: i should've done that sooner
(23:13:48) Vankata453: we should do it with discohook i think
(23:13:51) Vankata453: so it's embeds
(23:14:05) Servalot: 11. tux doll behavior discussion. it was proposed in a team meeting they would be sitting on their own, but i want it to be so they stay in the boxes, but they instead will go to the player after being released so you prettymuch can't miss then after hitting the box. that way all the duxdoll placements in existing levels doesnt get messed up while still improving the behavior.
(23:14:17) matusguy: I think tuxdolls should just pop out and be collected automatically after a short animation, so that it stays coherent with level design
(23:14:18) Servalot: guys we should discuss how the tux dolls work
(23:14:29) FrostC: agree
(23:14:51) Vankata453: but hte fun in tuxdolls is that you might miss them and miss the reward, so you gotta try
(23:14:57) Servalot: sparkly ambient particles around the tuxdoll would be nice
(23:15:14) tylerandari12: if the tux dolls werent required for unlocking things i would agree
(23:15:25) tylerandari12: remember they will be used to unlock the bonus islands
(23:15:27) Vankata453: aaa i forgor nvm
(23:15:39) Vankata453: yeah
(23:16:03) Vankata453: it'd be super unfair if we kept the current behaviour then
(23:16:30) Servalot: brb 1 sec
(23:17:10) tylerandari12: alr
(23:18:27) tylerandari12: The VC mentioned Angrystones daughter.
(23:18:47) Vankata453: Ok
(23:18:48) Servalot: https://github.com/SuperTux/supertux/discussions/2595
(23:19:19) Servalot: seems to be no issue on it
(23:19:27) Servalot: if u commented something about this pls put it in there
(23:20:42) Servalot: 12. Prioritizing fixing #3105 - there's a lead with it not having shown up before 0.7 nightlies and it may be caused by the pr that fixed tux dying to rocks. bringing this up here because this bug is incredibly important to fix and there seems to be little drive to actually fix it
(23:20:43) elanore: https://github.com/SuperTux/supertux/pull/3105
(23:20:59) tylerandari12: thanks elanore
(23:21:06) Servalot: this is on 0.7.0 milestone already
(23:21:09) Servalot: under another thing
(23:21:13) FrostC: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/819260261952782417/970830222314319962/ass.gif
(23:21:32) Sevenberry: it still going?
(23:21:36) FrostC: yes
(23:21:46) tylerandari12: yea
(23:21:46) Sevenberry: could you drag me in please
(23:21:48) FrostC: were near the end but yea
(23:22:05) Servalot: Aware
(23:22:07) tylerandari12: You missed the boring part.
(23:22:09) tylerandari12: lmao
(23:22:14) Servalot: yea
(23:22:16) Sevenberry: nice
(23:23:18) Servalot: 13. the issue with more PRs being made then merged seems to have come back to some extent; need to focus on finishing more PRs and having more of a focus on merging and reviewing more
(23:23:27) Servalot: merge
(23:23:33) Hume2: just take your time and go reviewing
(23:23:36) tylerandari12: On ppoint 12: matusguy will sacrfice himself
(23:23:42) Servalot: if you guys need help with reviewing you can ask me 😼
(23:23:47) Servalot: i wont provide code stuff
(23:23:49) Servalot: just testing
(23:24:41) matusguy: https://i.imgur.com/4W0cSOs.png tahnk uyou
(23:24:56) Vankata453: yeah im done with new PRs
(23:25:02) Vankata453: addon stuff is not for now
(23:25:09) Vankata453: and multiplayer even more not for now
(23:25:31) Vankata453: ill finish the existing ones for 0.7.0
(23:25:39) tylerandari12: :bliss:
(23:28:11) Hume2: I gtg, bye
(23:28:18) tylerandari12: Buh bye
(23:28:20) FrostC: bye
(23:28:27) Vankata453: is it over?
(23:28:44) FrostC: i think its prettymuch done
(23:28:53) Servalot: i must go now
(23:28:55) Servalot: i need to eated
(23:28:56) Vankata453: okay. declaring end of meeting
```
