The **2010-02-27 meeting** was held on *Saturday, February 27<sup>th</sup>* at *15:00 UTC* on [IRC](IRC "wikilink").

Present were:

-   [octo](mediawiki/Users/octo)
-   [Mathnerd314](mediawiki/Users/mathnerd314) (very short)
-   MMlosh
-   [grumbel](mediawiki/Users/grumbel)
-   [WolfgangB](mediawiki/Users/wolfgangb)
-   [AnMaster](mediawiki/Users/anmaster)

Minutes
-------

### Project management

-   (Unstable) Release - how?
    -   [octo](mediawiki/Users/octo) has a release tarball that needs testing.
    -   Tasks to be done (by who?):
        -   Upload tarball to file server (BerliOS? Google? Lethargik?)
              
            People listed at <http://developer.berlios.de/projects/supertux/> as “admins” can upload to BerliOS.

            All previous releases are hosted at BerliOS. I think it makes sense to keep them there. - [sik0fewl](mediawiki/Users/sik0fewl) 19:28, 27 February 2010 (UTC)

        -   Update download page <http://supertux.lethargik.org/download.html>
              
            Everybody with [SVN](SVN "wikilink") access by editing `trunk/htdocs/`

            I can do this, but so can any developer. - [sik0fewl](mediawiki/Users/sik0fewl) 19:28, 27 February 2010 (UTC)

        -   Announce on *freshmeat.net* (Project there by AnMaster?)
              
            *AnMaster* and *WolfgangB*

        -   Announce on <http://happypenguin.org/>
              
            Can be done by everybody

        -   Update bug tracker
              
            → octo'll do it

        -   Binary packages?
            -   According to *WolfgangB*, *SuperTux* did provide Linux autopackage and Windows binaries along the source tarballs.
            -   Previous Windows binaries were built by “Delta” / “Sommer”
-   Last chance to change [Versioning scheme](Versioning_scheme "wikilink")
    -   Nobody felt it necessary to discuss this again. *Mathnerd314*, who put it on the agenda, wasn't there anymore.
-   Next meeting date and time - every Saturday at 15:00 UTC?

### Gameplay

-   Feedback for the [Yeti](Yeti "wikilink") level.
    -   Postponed (again) because *Mathnerd314* wasn't there.
-   New tiles from grumbel - which are useful?
    -   *grumbel:* nightcave is good, the rest is crap
    -   *grumbel:* Make “Crystal cave” into a background tileset
    -   *grumbel:* the snowmountain stuff needs to be repainted
    -   *WolfgangB, octo:* If tilesets should be removed, do this ASAP (before they are used in levels by 3rd parties)
    -   → *octo* will make Crystal cave tiles non-solid so they cannot be used as interactive tiles.
-   Milestone 1-like worldmap - do now or later (which ideas to keep from the new one?)
    -   “Now” meaning before the release?
    -   [octo](mediawiki/Users/octo "wikilink") has a version of the [Milestone 1](Milestone_1 "wikilink") worldmap in [Milestone 2](Milestone_2) syntax. Use that or work on the current version?
    -   The worldmap has been changed just before the meeting ([6419](Template:Revision "wikilink")) by *Mathnerd314*.
    -   *WolfgangB:* in a stable release the worldmap should fit with the levels e.g. some mountains on the map for cave levels
-   Screw the forest? Keep for now? Don't delete ever?
    -   **Motion:** Restore the Milestone 1 worldmap and add the intro and Yeti levels. There will be no passage to/from the Forest and the Forest / World 2 will be moved to contributed levels.
        -   **In favor:** octo, grumbel
        -   **Opposed:** *nobody*
        -   **No opinion:** AnMaster
    -   → Motion passes.
-   New names for badguys. Which to rename and (if applicable) which name to use?:
    -   [Bouncing Snowball](Bouncing_Snowball "wikilink") → Bouncy
    -   [Flying Snowball](Flying_Snowball "wikilink") → ~~Avior~~ or ~~Dex~~
    -   ~~Kamikaze Snowball~~ → [Snowshot](Snowshot "wikilink")
    -   [Mr. Bomb](Mr._Bomb "wikilink") → Fuse
    -   [Jumpy](Jumpy "wikilink") → Recoil

      
    *AnMaster:* in general I prefer the older names there. well, maybe not for “Kamikaze Snowball”

    *WolfgangB:* if grumbel thinks the badguys need new names do it

    *octo:* I don't like “Avior” nor “Dex”. With the other names I don't have much preference

    *grumbel:* what we want is good and interesting names. finding them is the hard part

    *MMlosh:* The only change I agree with is Flying snowball rename. Snowshot is good, “Bouncy” has too strong association to java game shipped with nokia phones

    **→** *Avior* and *Dex* are off the stove. *Kamikaze Snowball* will be renamed to *Snowshot*. The other names are postponed until later.

### Next meeting

Next Saturday, March 6th, at 15:00 UTC?

Log
---

`16:01 < octo> Okay, since Mathnerd314 Has to leave early I'd suggest we start ;)`
`16:01 < grumbel> Mathnerd314: I am here`
`16:01 < octo> First point is - again - the new release / development snapshot`
`16:02 < Mathnerd314> %$#*^ - have to leave now`
`16:02 < octo> I have created a tarball which lives at http://verplant.org/supertux/files/supertux-0.3.3.tar.bz2`
`16:02 < octo> It'd be great if I could get some feedback on it, especially regarding the README / WHATSNEW and, of course, if it doesn't buidl`
`16:02 < octo> +^T`
`16:02 < octo> Mathnerd314: Crap :(`
`16:03 < octo> It's possible that there are some unused graphics / sounds in the tarball which *should* be removed if possible - it's currently slightly over 60 MBytes`
`16:03 < Mathnerd314> let's just say my opinion is `“`do`` ``it`”` for every point.`
`16:03 < WolfgangB1> hi`
`16:03 < octo> Mathnerd314: Hehe ;)`
`16:04 *** Unnheulu [~ieuan@cpc5-pnth2-0-0-cust800.5-2.cable.virginmedia.com] has quit [Quit: Ex-Chat]`
`16:05 < octo> Other than that I'd like to know who is responsible for:`
`16:05 < octo> * Uploading the tarball to a final location`
`16:06 < octo> * Updating the download page of the website`
`16:06 < octo> * Updating the freshmeat.net record (AnMaster?)`
`16:06 < octo> * Updating the bug tracker (add the release)`
`16:06 < octo> I think I can easily do that last point ;)`
`16:07 < WolfgangB1> isn't  freshmeat updated for stable only?`
`16:07 < WolfgangB1> don't forget happypenguin`
`16:08 < octo> Hm, *I* would update freshmeat as often as possible ;)`
`16:10 < AnMaster> hi there`
`16:11 *** WolfgangB1 [~wolfgang@88.130.223.150] has quit [Quit: Leaving.]`
`16:11 < AnMaster> octo, currently I'm really busy in real life due to university.`
`16:11 < octo> Hey AnMaster :)`
`16:11 < AnMaster> but what was that about freshmeat?`
`16:11 *** WolfgangB [~wolfgang@88.130.223.150] has joined #supertux`
`16:12 < octo> AnMaster: I would have announced that release on freshmeat, and the user account that last updated that record looked like it could belong to you ;)`
`16:12 < AnMaster> hm`
`16:12 < AnMaster> what release?`
`16:13 * AnMaster has been completely unable to keep up with supertux recently`
`16:13 < octo> AnMaster: A new development snapshot, 0.3.3`
`16:13 < AnMaster> lets see...`
`16:14 < octo> So nobody knows about download servers?`
`16:14 < octo> I assume sik0fewl can update the website, right?`
`16:14 < grumbel> brb`
`16:14 < AnMaster> download servers where?`
`16:14 < octo> That's what I want to know. Where should the tarball(s) be uploaded to and who can do that?`
`16:14 < AnMaster> octo, I have/had ssh access to lethergik if that is what you meant. For user account supertux (under which the website runs) too`
`16:15 < AnMaster> but I don't think we hosted that`
`16:15 < AnMaster> didn't we use berlios or sf.net still for it?`
`16:15 < AnMaster> I don't really remember`
`16:15 < octo> AnMaster: I think currently the files are on Berlios, but there was talk about possibly host them somewhere else`
`16:15 < WolfgangB> on berlis the people listed as `“`project`` ``admins`”` `[`http://developer.berlios.de/projects/supertux/`](http://developer.berlios.de/projects/supertux/)` can add releases`
`16:15 < AnMaster> octo, about freshmeat update, it looks like WolfgangB have access too`
`16:15 < WolfgangB> i do?`
`16:15 < AnMaster> and sommerc, which would be delta iirc`
`16:16 < AnMaster> WolfgangB, yep `[`http://freshmeat.net/projects/supertux/roles`](http://freshmeat.net/projects/supertux/roles)` claims so`
`16:16 < octo> WolfgangB, AnMaster: Thanks`
`16:16 < AnMaster> WolfgangB, so you can add release on berlios, I can't`
`16:17 < AnMaster> on sf.net: no clue`
`16:17 < WolfgangB> ok I found my freshmeat account`
`16:18 < octo> WolfgangB: So how does updating happypenguin.org work?`
`16:18 < AnMaster> our mediawiki looks outdated btw. Probably someone should update it. But I really don't remember how. It was rather messy iirc`
`16:18 < WolfgangB> log in, submit update, wat for admin to aprove`
`16:19 < AnMaster> you had to diff against a clean copy for local changes, then apply that diff to the new version and fix conflicts`
`16:19 < AnMaster> and a few more steps iirc`
`16:19 < AnMaster> well yeah, database stuff too`
`16:19 < octo> WolfgangB: So anyone can do that?`
`16:19 < AnMaster> plus any special steps in the release notes`
`16:19 < WolfgangB> octo: yes`
`16:20 < octo> WolfgangB: Okay`
`16:20 < AnMaster> happypenguin.org <-- I don't even have an account there afaik`
`16:20 < WolfgangB> no gotm?`
`16:20 < AnMaster> gotm?`
`16:20 *** zoobox [~zoobox@h85n1fls305o253.telia.com] has left #supertux []`
`16:20 < AnMaster> (what is that?)`
`16:21 < WolfgangB> `[`http://www.happypenguin.org/newsitem?id=4455`](http://www.happypenguin.org/newsitem?id=4455)
`16:21 < AnMaster> ah yeah`
`16:21 < AnMaster> game of the month I guess`
`16:22 < Greeny> who is responsible for the windows build ? ;)`
`16:23 < octo> Good question`
`16:23 < WolfgangB> let them compile source ;-)`
`16:23 < octo> Did SuperTux provide binary packages for previous releases?`
`16:23 < Greeny> yes`
`16:23 < WolfgangB> source, linux autopackage, windows binary`
`16:24 < AnMaster> <Greeny> who is responsible for the windows build ? ;) <-- I'm on exclusively linux since several years`
`16:24 < AnMaster> well, some freebsd too`
`16:25 < AnMaster> actually, there is one old old MacOS 9 too`
`16:25 < AnMaster> (pre-OS X, really old macs. Think one-button)`
`16:25 < AnMaster> (that one is a first generation ibook in fact)`
`16:25 < octo> Okay, if anyone remembers who built the Windows binaries let me know..`
`16:25 < AnMaster> WolfgangB, was the autopackage a x86_64 one?`
`16:26 < AnMaster> octo, I think delta did`
`16:26 < AnMaster> not completely sure`
`16:26 < octo> AnMaster: Oh, that was a name? ;) Okay, I'll put that down`
`16:26 < AnMaster> octo, delta = sommer iirc in some places`
`16:26 < octo> AnMaster: Ah`
`16:26 < AnMaster> octo, I haven't seen him for ages though`
`16:26 < AnMaster> any idea what became of him?`
`16:27 < octo> Okay, I don't precisely *need* to discuss the versioning schema again (that's the next point)`
`16:27 < WolfgangB> AnMaster: IIRC there never was a 64bit Autopackage but the 32 bit version was reported to work`
`16:27 < AnMaster> ah`
`16:27 < octo> Does anyone see need for discussing that again?`
`16:27 < octo> (I think Mathnerd314 put it on the agenda)`
`16:27 < AnMaster> did it change again or?`
`16:28 < WolfgangB> no idea? named reveision now or what?`
`16:28 < AnMaster> (by the way, who have access to change the topic in here?)`
`16:28 < octo> AnMaster: Mathnerd314 I think, maybe grumbel`
`16:28 < AnMaster> hm`
`16:28 < AnMaster> /cs access #supertux list`
`16:28 < AnMaster> gives`
`16:28 < AnMaster> CharlieG and grumbel`
`16:29 < AnMaster> but the flags look messed up...`
`16:29 < WolfgangB> `[`http://developer.berlios.de/project/showfiles.php?group_id=3467`](http://developer.berlios.de/project/showfiles.php?group_id=3467)` no 64bit Auptopackage`
`16:29 *** Auria [~Auria@69-4-213-152.mediom.qc.ca] has joined #supertux`
`16:29 < AnMaster> according to it grumbel can change the access list flags but not view them (with flags command, never mind that freenode allows viewing them anyway with the access command)`
`16:30 < octo> WolfgangB: I was recently pushing towards another schema which increased the minor version whenever new stuff was added (or removed)`
`16:30 < octo> WolfgangB: This would leave room for patch releases`
`16:30 < octo> WolfgangB: However, I seemed to be the only one seeing a problem with the current schema, so we didn't change anything`
`16:31 < octo> Let's move to the gameplay points then:`
`16:31 < octo> grumbel has added some new tiles this week`
`16:31 < AnMaster> I suggest next version should be log_{e}`$\\frac{\\pi}{2}$
`16:31 < octo> Nightcave, Crystal cave and, ..., uhm, one more iIrc`
`16:31 < AnMaster> (that might not pass as valid LaTeX on closer examination)`
`16:32 < octo> It says in the agenda: `“`New`` ``tiles`` ``from`` ``grumbel`` ``-`` ``which`` ``are`` ``useful?`”
`16:32 < octo> Any thoughts?`
`16:32 *** yetanothername [~yam@c-71-60-244-197.hsd1.pa.comcast.net] has joined #supertux`
`16:33 < grumbel> nightcave is good, the rest is crap`
`16:34 < WolfgangB> as long as they don't disappear after i use them i a level`
`16:34 < octo> grumbel: What was the third one you added? I can't remember right now ..`
`16:34 < octo> grumbel: Dark snow or something?`
`16:35 < octo> WolfgangB: Yeah, if we remove them, we should remove them asap`
`16:35 < AnMaster> no comments on that one due to not having checked them out (and atm I'm on a laptop with super high resolution, so the tiles would be very small. ~114 dpi does have some disadvantages)`
`16:35 < grumbel> octo: mountain stuff`
`16:35 < WolfgangB> AnMaster: iirc you can add zoom with some command line argument`
`16:36 < octo> grumbel: So do you want to try to improve the crystal cave one? I really do like it`
`16:36 < grumbel> that gets most likely degraded to a background tileset`
`16:36 < AnMaster> WolfgangB, sure, but since the the colour reproduction on this thinkpad sucks, it would be hard to give any relevant opinion`
`16:36 < grumbel> the snowmountain stuff needs to be repainted`
`16:37 < WolfgangB> if they will be changed again we must not distribute these tiles without a warning. otherwise 3rd party level designer will be upset`
`16:38 < octo> grumbel: Fair enough - as long as it doesn't disappear completely ;)`
`16:38 < WolfgangB> then again it already is called unstable`
`16:39 < octo> grumbel: So should I remove the solidity flag from the crystal cave tiles?`
`16:41 < octo> Okay, I think that about wraps it up.. Next point is:`
`16:41 < WolfgangB> the editor should preserve unknown trees and support user defined tiles. wasn't there already some code for user tiles? oh man all so long ago`
`16:41 < octo> Worldmap of Icy Island`
`16:41 < octo> Mathnerd314 has changed the worldmap in SVN just before this meeting to be `“`more`` ``linear`”
`16:41 < AnMaster> WolfgangB, level editor preserving unknown trees is easier said than done`
`16:42 < WolfgangB> I know`
`16:42 < octo> It has still a lot of alternative paths and, in my opinion, looks rather like a quick hack`
`16:42 < AnMaster> without completely rewriting huge parts of the editor`
`16:42 < WolfgangB> tried that one and failed`
`16:43 < WolfgangB> octo: because it is a quick hack?`
`16:43 < WolfgangB> in a stable release the worldmap should fit with the levels eg some mountains on the map for cave levels`
`16:44 < octo> WolfgangB: Possibly ;)`
`16:44 < WolfgangB> but while the levels are changing how can you do that now?`
`16:44 < octo> I have a version of the worldmap which is an exact copy of the milestone 1 worldmap, as grumbel suggested`
`16:45 < octo> It's missing a passage to the Forest and basically everything else, too (even the Yeti currently)`
`16:46 < octo> Should I put work into that, i.e. add the Yeti and the introduction or should be improve the current worldmap?`
`16:46 < WolfgangB> the 0.1 worldmap was linear and the levels tell some kind of a story. it was changed for 0.3 so you can go to the `“`new`”` part faster.`
`16:46 < octo> My suggestion was to remove the passage to the Forest so it is only accessible through `“`Contrib`` ``levels`”
`16:46 < grumbel> are we talking about stuff to do before 0.3.3 or after?`
`16:48 < octo> grumbel: Good question. But I'd do changes that are big for the user but easy to do for developers before`
`16:48 < octo> grumbel: I.e. rather than ripping out the Forest right after 0.3.3 is out, I'd move it to contribs *now* (i.e. before 0.3.3 is out)`
`16:52 < octo> No opinions?`
`16:52 < grumbel> fine with me, however not so sure how much extra work that is going to require to make that work properly`
`16:53 < octo> grumbel: I don't think it's a lot of work.. The intro and yeti stuff can be taken from the current version I guess`
`16:53 < octo> grumbel: And removing the boat / passage shouldn't be a problem either – ripping stuff out is usually easy.`
`16:54 < octo> Okay, so the suggestion is: Restore the Milestone 1 worldmap and add the intro and Yeti levels. There will be no passage to/from the Forest and the Forest / World 2 will be moved to contributed levels.`
`16:55 < octo> Who's in favor?`
`16:55 * octo is ;)`
`16:56 < WolfgangB> why don't we keep the boat, too?`
`16:56 < grumbel> octo: do it`
`16:56 < octo> WolfgangB: To demonstrate to the user that the final word regarding the forest has not yet been spoken, i.e. it might be removed`
`16:58 < AnMaster> no opinion on this`
`17:00 < octo> Okay, let's get to the next point (and I suggest this to be the last point for today):`
`17:00 < octo> New names for badguys. Which to rename and (if applicable) which name to use?:`
`17:00 < WolfgangB> why rename them?`
`17:00 < octo> Maybe I can get a quick sign of approval or opposition for these renames (according to the MS2 document):`
`17:00 < octo> * Bouncing Snowball → Bouncy`
`17:01 < octo> * Flying Snowball → Avior or Dex`
`17:01 < WolfgangB> most names are not used ingame at all, but they are better to memorize for developement than badgy#3`
`17:01 < octo> * Kamikaze Snowball → Snowshot`
`17:01 *** tuxdev [~tim@unaffiliated/tuxdev] has joined #supertux`
`17:01 < octo> * Mr. Bomb → Fuse`
`17:01 < octo> * Jumpy → Recoil`
`17:01 < octo> WolfgangB: Because I want the wiki to use the same names consistently`
`17:02 < AnMaster> what is wrong with Jumpy?`
`17:02 < AnMaster> octo, in general I prefer the older names there`
`17:02 < WolfgangB> then change the names in the wiki to match the reality. or don't if its just some user discussion using made up names`
`17:02 < octo> AnMaster: Personally I don't think anything is wrong with any of the current names..`
`17:02 < AnMaster> well, maybe not for `“`Kamikaze`` ``Snowball`”
`17:03 < AnMaster> Snowshot might be better for that one`
`17:03 < AnMaster> *shrug*`
`17:03 < octo> WolfgangB: The problem is: This is a `“`Milestone`` ``2`”` vs. `“`rest`` ``of`` ``the`` ``wiki`”` problem - it's all in the wiki`
`17:03 < WolfgangB> rm -r wiki`
`17:04 < WolfgangB> maybe i should read more wiki discussions, but i never heade most of the new names`
`17:05 < WolfgangB> `“`short`` ``fuse`”` was a sugestion for some different kind of bomb IIRC`
`17:05 < octo> WolfgangB: This is probably the only place where they appear: `[`http://supertux.lethargik.org/wiki/Milestone_2_Design_Document/Enemies`](http://supertux.lethargik.org/wiki/Milestone_2_Design_Document/Enemies)
`17:06 < octo> WolfgangB: `“`Milestone`` ``2`` ``Design`` ``Document/Tasks`”` says: `“`fix`` ``and`` ``cleanup`` ``all`` ``the`` ``enemy`` ``names`` ``-`` ``see`` ``Milestone`` ``2`` ``Design`` ``Document/Enemies`` ``for`` ``new`` ``names`”
`17:06 < WolfgangB> oh, ok, if grumbel thinks the badguys need new names do it. ha probably has a good reason`
`17:06 < octo> WolfgangB: So determining what we actually want is IMHO the first step of fixing anything ;)`
`17:07 *** Greeny is now known as Greeny|afk`
`17:07 < grumbel> what we want is good and interesting names`
`17:07 < grumbel> finding them is the hard part`
`17:08 < octo> Personally, I don't like `“`Avior`”` nor `“`Dex`”`. With the other names I don't have much preference`
`17:08 < grumbel> yeah, neither of them really sounds much good`
`17:09 < octo> Okay, so everybody alright with renaming all the above except `“`Flying`` ``Snowball`”`?`
`17:09 < octo> Or does anybody have an idea for a new `“`Flying`` ``Snowball`”` name?`
`17:10 < WolfgangB> if the new names are not good yet, then there is no need to rename now`
`17:11 < octo> WolfgangB: Which other new name do you think is not good yet?`
`17:11 < grumbel> no hurry there, just change the design document to refelect which names are not good`
`17:12 < MMlosh> actually... The only change I agree with is Flying snowball rename`
`17:12 < MMlosh> jumpy, Mr. Bomb sound allright to me`
`17:13 < octo> grumbel: *done*`
`17:13 < AnMaster> hm`
`17:13 *** yetanothername [~yam@c-71-60-244-197.hsd1.pa.comcast.net] has quit [Quit: When two people dream the same dream, it ceases to be an illusion. KVIrc 3.4.2 Shiny `[`http://www.kvirc.net`](http://www.kvirc.net)`]`
`17:13 < AnMaster> I don't really like Fuse for Mr. Bomb`
`17:13 < AnMaster> but I'm okay with it`
`17:13 < AnMaster> prefer the old one there`
`17:14 < MMlosh> octo, even for level editor? what about translation for old levels to new names? that is impossible, right?`
`17:14 < AnMaster> and I'm definitely against the names Avior and Dex`
`17:14 < octo> MMlosh: The internals don't change..`
`17:14 < AnMaster> they just doesn't sound right`
`17:14 < octo> MMlosh: I just don't like the MS2 document to talk about `“`Fuse`”` when *everywhere* else it's `“`Mr.`` ``Bomb`”
`17:14 < octo> MMlosh: This is exclusively a documentation issue`
`17:15 *** Guest16709 [~ohnobinki@ohnobinki-1-pt.tunnel.tserv9.chi1.ipv6.he.net] has joined #supertux`
`17:15 < MMlosh> ah.. that way..   but Mr.Bomb still sounds much better`
`17:15 < WolfgangB> if the internals don't change, how am is supposed to search a bug reported for `“`The`` ``Fuse`”` without knowing that the code is called `“`MrBomb`”` and in the editor `“`das`` ``teil`` ``das`` ``wo`` ``explodiert`”
`17:16 < octo> WolfgangB: Because what the editor displays (`“`Fuse`”`, for example) does not have to be the same it puts into the .stl file`
`17:16 *** Guest16709 is now known as binki`
`17:17 < octo> WolfgangB: What's in the .stl file is the only thing that matters for compatibility to old levels (well, name-wise at least)`
`17:17 < WolfgangB> yea, then we get bug reports for $YourLanguageForBomb" and have to rack it down somehow`
`17:17 < octo> WolfgangB: We'll get that anyhow`
`17:17 < AnMaster> hm`
`17:18 < AnMaster> octo, when is the release planned?`
`17:18 < WolfgangB> sry, have to chat a train`
`17:18 < octo> It's not like the names in the .stl files, the implementation and the documentation match *now*`
`17:18 < AnMaster> octo, I might update the Swedish translation tomorrow`
`17:18 < AnMaster> now time today`
`17:18 < AnMaster> no*`
`17:18 *** WolfgangB [~wolfgang@88.130.223.150] has quit [Quit: Leaving.]`
`17:18 < octo> AnMaster: Soon ;)`
`17:18 *** binki [~ohnobinki@ohnobinki-1-pt.tunnel.tserv9.chi1.ipv6.he.net] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]`
`17:18 < AnMaster> octo, so, sometime after tomorrow (UTC)`
`17:18 < AnMaster> ?`
`17:19 < octo> AnMaster: The worldmap issue is on my todo list, other than that I think we're mostly set`
`17:19 < octo> Or, as set as we're ever going to be`
`17:19 < octo> AnMaster: If I know that you're working on it, I can wait for you`
`17:19 < AnMaster> octo, well, I can do it tomorrow, today I'm somewhat busy`
`17:20 < AnMaster> and tomorrow might very well be during the afternoon`
`17:20 < octo> grumbel: I think this got lost now: Should I make the crystal cave tiles non-solid before the release? This way nobody will use them in 3rd party levels (as solid tiles anyways)`
`17:20 < octo> AnMaster: Sounds okay`
`17:21 < grumbel> octo: can't hurt`
`17:21 < octo> grumbel: Okay`
`17:21 < AnMaster> <WolfgangB> sry, have to chat a train <-- oh, took a while until I realised it was a typo for `“`catch`”` heh`
`17:22 < octo> Okay, maybe I'm being a bit annoying now, but maybe we can at least try to agree on some renames`
`17:22 < Lazure> what do you mean octo?`
`17:22 < octo> Is anyone opposed to rename `“`Bouncing`` ``Snowball`”` to `“`Bouncy`”` and `“`Kamikaze`` ``Snowball`”` to `“`Snowshot`”`?`
`17:23 < octo> Lazure: [[Meeting 2010-02-27]] → `“`New`` ``names`` ``for`` ``badguys`”` ;)`
`17:23 < Lazure> not making tiles solid, i mean`
`17:23 < grumbel> Snowshot is good`
`17:23 < AnMaster> octo, btw I can't find kbabel for KDE4. I used to use that back when I was on KDE3...`
`17:23 < AnMaster> so any idea of a good po file tool for kde4 or gnome?`
`17:23 < grumbel> Bouncy is shorter and not much different then the current name, so I think we can use Bouncy too`
`17:23 < octo> Lazure: Grumbel has added some tiles to the SVN which we currently plan to use as background only`
`17:24 < octo> Lazure: If those are `“`solid`”` (i.e. Tux can stand on them), someone *might* use those to create levels, which shouldn't be done in this state`
`17:24 < MMlosh> Snowshot is good, `“`Bouncy`”` has too strong association to java game shipped with nokia phones`
`17:25 < octo> Okay, agreeing on two renames out of five (one positive, one negative result ;) isn't too bad ;)`
`17:27 < AnMaster> MMlosh, hm? Snake?`
`17:27 * AnMaster has a nokia phone.`
`17:28 < AnMaster> it has 3D snake -_-`
`17:28 < MMlosh> AnMaster, no..  a game with a red ball`
`17:28 < AnMaster> (it is a basic model, iirc, not symbian or anything fancy like that, S40 series or such iirc)`
`17:28 < octo> Okay, one last point: Next week, same time and place?`
`17:28 < AnMaster> MMlosh, ah seen that on some, mine doesn't have it`
`17:29 < AnMaster> octo, no idea if I can make it to that`
`17:29 < MMlosh> named `“`bouncy`”`... it was on old models and its 3D version is on that new touchscreen nokia`
`17:29 < AnMaster> ah`
`17:29 < octo> AnMaster: Would another time or Sunday be better for you?`
`17:30 < AnMaster> octo, can't really plan ahead at all`
`17:30 < octo> AnMaster: Okay`
`17:30 < AnMaster> just go ahead without me if I'm not there`
`17:30 < AnMaster> octo, it all depends on how many assignments I get at university during next week.`
`17:30 < AnMaster> (and how long it takes to write the reports)`

<Category:Development>
